So what makes this course different from others?
To begin is the overall structure.
This course has been designed for all experience levels.
Topics are introduced in a logical way.
We start on a journey that builds on past knowledge to explore more advanced subjects.
We then come to a point where we use our new knowledge to build a highly advanced and well-designed
framework.
This course has taken over 14 months design record and to develop.
So I also provide in-depth explanations.
So each topic combines educational PowerPoint slides with explanations so that you gain a deep understanding
of why we do things.
So here is an example on a slide for later in the course, which explains why we developing or use in
a particular architecture.
I also provide code examples.
So code examples are provided after each lecture.
The course is also structured in a way, so you can easily refer back to code examples from previous
lectures.
And if you look on the left hand side and this is showing you a project in Eclipse, you'll see that
every single section has been divided and each one, those lectures and code examples have been structured
in a way where you can easily go back and look at what code has been written, what changes have been
introduced.
We also provide a dedicated website for learning.
So this course comes with a dedicated website that has been specifically created to help you learn using
real world examples.
The website even includes a test e-commerce store so that you can try automating a user purchase in
items.
This course covers a whole host of topics, and these are some of them that have been listed on this
slide.
We explore each of these in detail and we use real world examples so that we gain a deep understanding
of each of these topics.
Finally, Udemy offers you a 30 day money back guarantee.
So I'm so confident you will learn Web driver extremely well, but rest assured you can request a full
refund using you'd be up to 30 day money back guarantee.
I hope you enjoy this course.
And thank you for watching.